[Mobile] Add external link inline component (#33210)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/components/src/help-text/README.md

# HelpText

> Renders a help text shell with a ExternalLink appended at the end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renders help text with a `ExternalLink` appended at the end of the text.
```

## Usage

```jsx
import { HelpText } from '@wordpress/components';

const HelpfulText = () => (
	<HelpText url="https://wordpress.org" moreLinkText="Learn More">WordPress is an easy to use publishing tool</HelpText>
);
```

## Props

> The text that's displayed within the component's tags will be "clickable" and extenal link will be added at the end.

Reviewer: This statement feels out of place underneath the heading of "Props." Was this intended to be a description of the `children` prop? 

Also, I believe this only to be true on native, as it currently applies an `onPress` to a wrapping `Text` element. The web version merely renders the child text. I wonder if we can better describe this.

### `url`

> An optional URL that is being linked to and will open in a new window when tapped or clicked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional URL to link, opens in a new window when tapped or clicked.
```

-   Type: `String`
-   Required: No

### `moreLinkText` 

> An optional Text as the click abel text at the end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An optional text string to display as the link label for the optional `url` prop. 
```
